hey guys how to from equipped and or
just want to take the time to do a quick
overview of some blades will be doing
test and review here in the near future
and what we have here we've already
discussed on a couple other videos
that's a BK 15 now this one is modeled
after a Giri fist design now one thing I
had to say off the bat is this has
already been modified by myself I've
actually taken the coating off because
we did that in a video we took the
coating off the BK 16 because of course
we had a little trouble with the coding
at first in regards to the 16 tests and
review but once we took that coating off
it performed a lot better and it was up
to what we expect from the k bar and
ethan becker team that we all know and
love now one thing is very interesting
about this knife this one is the
furthest variant compared to the 16 and
17 because a blade length is a little
bit longer and of course we have a
little bit different grind and a tapered
spine so you have some closer look to
this now I say again this one does not
have the coating so if you buy a new one
it will not look like this but of course
we will be given this one away after
we're done our test and review so this
modified BK 15 can and will be one of
yours like its brethren this one's gonna
be a price point about the same the MSRP
is about 107 but this has been going as
low as about $73 on the internet so
check that out of course we do have the
double scales that come with it if you
want the tan ones or if you want to keep
on the black we've tape on the black for
this review and probably the test now
the technical name for this is the BK 15
short becker trailing point this is a
collaborative design with with Jerry
Fisk based off the Magnum camp knife or
the BK 5 the blame for this is five and
a half inches overall length is 10 and
three-eighths of course this is going to
be the 1095 crow van steel and you guys
can still see the laser edging even
though i took the coating off with the
BK + k bar Stan flat grind HRC is 56 58
with his I tail handles and of course
the similar khadora she's that we talked
about previously now this one is going
to be a little bit longer so I was
concerned that if you bought all of them
you might be looking at different chief
options but actually they're all the
same sheet so don't worry about mixing
those up of course another 5 30 seconds
thickness stock and this one like the
other ones does have a decent-sized
choil if you want to grab up there and
get some clothes or cuts now
this one actually at first sight I
didn't think that I would like it at all
and I would be immediately drawn to the
BK 16 but my personal preference
actually has been more drawn to this I
like the blade geometry on this and I
think it's just a little bit better
slicer and I think you could do a little
bit more in regards to camp kitchen and
and general purpose wilderness survival
we will see a few more videos in regards
this test and review the only thing that
I'm kind of disappointed in is because
of this tapered edge we don't really
have a good right angle to use a
firesteel on this and the jumping also
takes away some of that so I don't know
if we're able to put a spot here maybe
in the finger choil but we don't want
anything too sharp the purpose of this
being able to choke up on the blade for
some more balanced close-up find cutting
like I said with the previous videos we
have tested this handle design and it
has come out pretty well I'm sure this
will perform in the same realm as the BK
16 but it's a little bit better blade
geometry for me personally of course
that is up to you guys and whether you
like this over the BK 6 you're not but
we expect good things for this of course
like I said before this will be given
away in a contest or something or maybe
we'll just do a random giveaway we might
just do a mystery giveaway you won't
even know that you're competing I don't
know we had some had some good ideas
here originally and it's the summer
times we've been having a good time
giving away stuff so guys check this out
let me know what you think we will have
more tests and reviews forthcoming and
we always like our stuff from the K Bar
and Becker team up they've always
impressed and the quality has always
been there hey guys adam from equipped
and or if you have any questions or
comments please email me at adam in
equipped indoor don't forget to check
out the website at WWE quipped intercom
membership is free and if you're eager
to get into any contest in the future
that's always the first step so you can
knock that out right now you guys take
care be safe out there and remember if
you're not always prepared you're never
prepared thanks